On a white background, a logo appears:
Accessible University
An old brick building is covered in ivy.
Students walking across campus.
Students sitting on a green lawn beneath giant trees.
In a library, a long wooden bookshelf
sits beneath towering stone walls.
A student writes a formula on a blackboard.
Another student uses a laptop.
Another student taps icons on a touch screen.
A student unscrews a giant bolt.
An old brick building is reflected in the glass exterior of a modern building.
Students in classrooms and computer labs.
Rows of stadium seats in an empty classroom.
On a white background, again the logo appears: Accessible University